When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
  I would create a remote repository whenever I want to share my work with others online, so that they can also view it, make changes to it
  and suggest any modifications which might make my work better.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Automatic pulling of changes might even pull changes not meant to be pulled - these can be some features which might not be working 
    correctly or which the user might not want to be pulled. This will create unnecessary and unwanted clutter in the user's local 
    repository. Therefore, it's better to always pull changes manually as this will involve only those changes which are meant to be 
    pulled.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    To 'clone' is to get a copy of an existing repo from GitHub to your local computer or from one location on your computer to another 
    location on your computer. To 'fork' is to 'clone' a already existing repo on GitHub to your GitHub account. To create a 'branch' 
    means to create a new copy of existing and committed changes in the same repo and then work further on them as if they are part of a 
    new copy of that repo. Branching helps in experimenting new features without changing the original work and then merging successful 
    changes back to the original work, if needed.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally can help us to work on our project offline - allowing us to see and
    work with changes made and saved on the remote repo which are not present in our local system.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
